# 7. Carry-back relief under specific scenarios

**(a) Where income is taxed at concessionary rate**

7.1 If you are a company with income chargeable to tax at the normal corporate tax rate, but your QD relate to income chargeable to tax at
concessionary tax rate, the adjustment provided under section 37B of the ITA, (“adjustment factor”) has be applied for deduction across
income chargeable under different tax rates.

7.2 In addition, the amount of QD (up to $100,000) is determined based on the following formula:

<br/>A + B
<br/>where 
<br/>A = any amount deducted against assessable income subject to tax at the normal corporate tax rate (currently 17%);
<br/>B = any amount deducted against assessable income subject to tax at any concessionary rate of tax divided by the adjustment factor for that concessionary rate of tax;
<br/>and the adjustment factor = Normal corporate tax divided by the Concessionary tax rate

7.3 Annex C is an example on the carry-back of QD for a company deriving income that is subject to tax at a concessionary rate.

Annexes D1 and D2 give more examples on the carry-back of QD where there is income from more than one other trade, or more than one other
source of income.

**(b) Where group relief is claimed**

7.4 If you are a company which has elected for group relief, the amount of QD you can carry back is the net amount after deducting the loss items transferred out to the eligible claimant company or companies. Annex E illustrates how this is being done.

7.5 Annex F shows the order of deduction for companies at a glance.

**(c) Where transfer to spouse is made**

7.6 The spousal transfer scheme has been phased out with effect from YA 2016. Any QD arising from YA 2016 (basis year 2015) onwards would
no longer enjoy spousal transfer. However, under section 37E, you may continue to carry-back the QD to deduct against your assessable income
of the immediate preceding YA. Annex G provides an illustration on how carry-back relief is effected for an individual and his spouse where
transfer under section 37D is made prior to YA 2016.

**(d) Where the relief reduces personal reliefs**

7.7 If you are an individual, you are entitled to the following personal reliefs
based on your earned income for that YA:

(a) earned income relief;
<br/>(b) working mother child relief (for a married woman); and
<br/>(c) deduction for CPF contributions by a self-employed.

7.8 As the QD carried back would reduce your earned income of the immediate preceding YA, your personal reliefs for the immediate
preceding YA would have to be revised accordingly based on your revised earned income for that YA.

**(e) Where the relief is for limited partners of an LLP or a LP**

7.9 If you are a limited partner of an LLP or a LP, your relevant deductions, together with all of your relevant deductions allowed in all past YAs, must not exceed your contributed capital as at the end of the basis period relating to that YA. This restriction is known as the “relevant deduction restriction[^4]”. Any excess of the relevant deductions over your contributed capital may then (subject to conditions) be carried forward to be deducted against your future share of income from the same LLP or LP.

7.10 The relevant deduction restriction also applies for the purpose of carry-back relief. Your capital contribution as at the end of the basis period relating to the YA that the QD arise will be used for the relevant deduction restriction. This is because your QD to be carried back relate to that YA and not the immediate preceding YA.

7.11 Annex H shows how the carry back deduction and restriction of the qualifying deductions are applied to partners of an LLP.

[^4] For an explanation of what is “contributed capital” and more details of the relevant deduction
restriction”, please refer to IRAS e-Tax Guide on “Income Tax Treatment of Limited Liability
Partnerships (Second Edition)” issued on 1 Mar 2014.

