# 8. Specific exclusions for carry-back relief

8.1 You will not be able to carry back your QD if the QD arise from certain
trade or activity carried on. They are:

(a) Qualifying deductions of a trade where the income is wholly exempt from tax

If you carry on such a trade (e.g. pioneer trade), you are not allowed to carry back the QD relating to that trade for deduction against other exempt or non-exempt income.

(b) Qualifying deductions of specific activity or trade

If you carry on specific types of activity or trade where there are rules restricting the deduction of the QD only against such trade
or activity, or restricting the carry forward of the QD, you are to apply the same restriction in the carry back of the QD. The QD
from such trade or activities are not allowed to be deducted against your other sources of income or your spouse’s income.

These activities or trades include:
(i) finance leasing where the income is taxable under section 10D of the ITA; and
(ii) the business of hiring out motor cars where the income is taxable under section 10H of the ITA.
(c) Qualifying deductions of a Section 10E company

If you carry on a business of the making of investments, you are not allowed to carry forward your QD arising from that business. As the QD are disregarded, the carry- back relief does not apply.

(d) Loss of eligible investors in approved start-up companies under the Enterprise Investment Incentive Scheme (EII)[^5]

Currently, an eligible investor holding qualifying shares in approved start-up under the Enterprise Investment Incentive
scheme (EII) may incur a capital loss upon:
(i) the sale of its qualifying shares; or
(ii) the liquidation of the approved start-up companies.

As the loss is capital in nature, it does not qualify for carry- back
relief.

[^5]: Section 97V of the Economic Expansion Incentives (Relief from Income Tax) Act [repealed in 2016]
