# 5. Format of CbC Reports

5.1 CbC Reports must be submitted in accordance with the template in the Annex to this Guide.

5.2 A CbC Report comprises three tables.


(a) The first table provides an overview of income, taxes, employees and assets of the MNE group allocated to the different tax jurisdictions that the MNE group operates in, i.e. each line reports the aggregated numbers relating to a particular tax jurisdiction. So for example, if an MNE group has income arising from three jurisdictions, this table will show three lines - one for each jurisdiction.

(b) The second table provides an overview of the entities (including permanent establishments) of the MNE group, again organised according to the tax jurisdictions that the entities are tax resident in. The main business activities of each entity are also indicated. Dormant entities must also be included in this table.

(c) The third table allows the MNE group to provide any additional information that it feels would be relevant and useful to interpret or understand then data provided in the CbC Report.


5.3 The following definitions should be followed in completing the template for a CbC Report^1 :

*MNE*
<br/>An MNE is a multinational enterprise.

*Reporting MNE*
<br/>A Reporting MNE is the ultimate parent entity of an MNE group.

*Constituent Entity*
<br/>A Constituent Entity of the MNE group is (i) any separate business unit of an MNE group that is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the
MNE group for financial reporting purposes, or would be so included if equity interests in such business unit of the MNE group were traded on a public securities exchange; (ii) any such business unit that is excluded from the MNE group’s Consolidated Financial Statements solely on size or materiality grounds; and (iii) any permanent establishment of any separate business unit of the MNE group included in (i) or (ii) above provided the business unit prepares a separate financial statement for such permanent establishment for financial reporting, regulatory, tax reporting, or internal management control purposes.

*Consolidated Financial Statements*
<br/>The Consolidated Financial Statements are the financial statements of an MNE group in which the assets, liabilities, income, expenses and cash flows of the ultimate parent entity and the Constituent Entities are presented as those of a single economic entity.

5.4 The following general instructions should be followed in completing the template for a CbC Report^2 :

*Treatment of Branches and Permanent Establishments*
<br/>The permanent establishment data should be reported by reference to the tax jurisdiction in which it is situated and not by reference to the tax
jurisdiction of residence of the business unit of which the permanent establishment is a part. Residence tax jurisdiction reporting for the business
unit of which the permanent establishment is a part should exclude financial data related to the permanent establishment.

*Treatment of partnerships*
<br/>Applicable accounting rules will determine whether a partnership is a Constituent Entity. If a partnership is a Constituent Entity, it is treated as any other Constituent Entity (e.g. companies).

*Period covered by the annual template*
<br/>The template should cover the fiscal year of the Reporting MNE. For Constituent Entities, at the discretion of the Reporting MNE, the template
should reflect on a consistent basis either (i) information for the fiscal year of the relevant Constituent Entities ending on the same date as the fiscal year
of the Reporting MNE, or ending within the 12 month period preceding such date, or (ii) information for all the relevant Constituent Entities reported for the fiscal year of the Reporting MNE.

*Source of data*
<br/>The Reporting MNE should consistently use the same sources of data from year to year in completing the template. The Reporting MNE may choose to use data from its consolidation reporting packages, from separate entity statutory financial statements, regulatory financial statements, or internal management accounts. It is not necessary to reconcile the revenue, profit and tax reporting in the template to the consolidated financial statements. If statutory financial statements are used as the basis for reporting, all amounts should be translated to the stated functional currency of the Reporting MNE at the average exchange rate for the year stated in the Additional Information section of the template. Adjustments need not be made, however, for differences in accounting principles applied from tax jurisdiction to tax jurisdiction.

<br/>The Reporting MNE should provide a brief description of the sources of data used in preparing the template in the Additional Information section of the
template. If a change is made in the source of data used from year to year, the Reporting MNE should explain the reasons for the change and its consequences in the Additional Information section of the template.

5.5 The following specific instructions should be followed in completing Table 1 of the template for a CbC Report^3 :

*Tax Jurisdiction*
<br/>In the first column of the template, the Reporting MNE should list all of the tax jurisdictions in which Constituent Entities of the MNE group are resident for tax purposes. A tax jurisdiction is defined as a State as well as a non-State jurisdiction which has fiscal autonomy. A separate line should be included for all Constituent Entities in the MNE group deemed by the Reporting MNE not to be resident in any tax jurisdiction for tax purposes. Where a Constituent Entity is resident in more than one tax jurisdiction, the applicable tax treaty tie breaker should be applied to determine the tax jurisdiction of residence. Where no applicable tax treaty exists, the Constituent Entity should be reported in the tax jurisdiction of the Constituent Entity’s place of effective management. In the first instance, the place of effective management should be determined in accordance with the provisions of Article 4 of the OECD Model Tax Convention and its accompanying Commentary.

*Revenues*
<br/>In the three columns of the template under the heading Revenues, the Reporting MNE should report the following information: (i) the sum of revenues of all the Constituent Entities of the MNE group in the relevant tax jurisdiction generated from transactions with associated enterprises. Intra-jurisdiction related party transactions should not be eliminated; (ii) the sum of revenues of all the Constituent Entities of the MNE group in the relevant tax jurisdiction generated from transactions with independent parties; and (iii) the total of (i) and (ii). Revenues should include revenues from sales of inventory and properties, services, royalties, interest, premiums and any other amounts. Revenues should exclude payments received from other Constituent Entities that are treated as dividends in the payor’s tax jurisdiction.

*Profit (Loss) before Income Tax*
<br/>In the fifth column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the sum of the profit (loss) before income tax for all the Constituent Entities resident
for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. The profit (loss) before income tax should include all extraordinary income and expense items.

*Income Tax Paid (on Cash Basis)*
<br/>In the sixth column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the total amount of income tax actually paid during the relevant fiscal year by all the
Constituent Entities resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. Taxes paid should include cash taxes paid by the Constituent Entity to the residence tax jurisdiction and to all other tax jurisdictions. Taxes paid should include withholding taxes paid by other entities (associated enterprises and independent enterprises) with respect to payments to the Constituent Entity. Thus, if company A resident in tax jurisdiction A earns interest in tax jurisdiction B, the tax withheld in tax jurisdiction B should be reported by company A.

*Income Tax Accrued (Current Year)*
<br/>In the seventh column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the sum of the accrued current tax expense recorded on taxable profits or losses of the year of reporting of all the Constituent Entities resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. The current tax expense should reflect only operations in the current year and should not include deferred taxes or provisions for uncertain tax liabilities.

*Stated Capital*
<br/>In the eighth column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the sum of the stated capital of all the Constituent Entities resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. With regard to permanent establishments, the stated capital should be reported by the legal entity of which it is a permanent establishment unless there is a defined capital requirement in the permanent establishment tax jurisdiction for regulatory purposes.

*Accumulated Earnings*
<br/>In the ninth column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the sum of the total accumulated earnings of all the Constituent Entities resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction as of the end of the year. With regard to permanent establishments, accumulated earnings should be reported by the legal entity of which it is a permanent establishment.

*Number of Employees*
<br/>In the tenth column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the total number of employees on a full-time equivalent (FTE) basis of all the Constituent Entities resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. The number of employees may be reported as of the year-end, on the basis of average employment levels for the year, or on any other basis consistently applied across tax jurisdictions and from year to year. For this purpose, independent contractors participating in the ordinary operating activities of the Constituent Entity may be reported as employees. Reasonable rounding or approximation of the number of employees is permissible, providing that such rounding or approximation does not materially distort the relative distribution of employees across the various tax jurisdictions. Consistent approaches should be applied from year to year and across entities.

*Tangible Assets other than Cash and Cash Equivalents*
<br/>In the eleventh column of the template, the Reporting MNE should report the sum of the net book values of tangible assets of all the Constituent Entities resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. With regard to permanent establishments, assets should be reported by reference to the tax jurisdiction in which the permanent establishment is situated. Tangible assets for this purpose do not include cash or cash equivalents, intangibles, or financial assets.

5.6 The following specific instructions should be followed in completing Table 2 of the template for a CbC Report^4 :

*Constituent Entities Resident in the Tax Jurisdiction*
<br/> The Reporting MNE should list, on a tax jurisdiction-by-tax jurisdiction basis and by legal entity name, all the Constituent Entities of the MNE group which
are resident for tax purposes in the relevant tax jurisdiction. As stated above with regard to permanent establishments, however, the permanent establishment should be listed by reference to the tax jurisdiction in which it is situated. The legal entity of which it is a permanent establishment should be noted (e.g. XYZ Corp – Tax Jurisdiction A PE). With regard to Constituent Entities deemed not to be resident in any tax jurisdiction for tax purposes, a separate line should be included, with a further breakdown for each entity (e.g. partnership with no tax jurisdiction of tax residence).

*Tax Jurisdiction of Organisation or Incorporation if Different from Tax Jurisdiction of Residence*
<br/>The Reporting MNE should report the name of the tax jurisdiction under whose laws the Constituent Entity of the MNE is organised or incorporated if it is different from the tax jurisdiction of residence.

*Main Business Activity(ies)*
<br/>The Reporting MNE should determine the nature of the main business activity(ies) carried out by the Constituent Entity in the relevant tax jurisdiction, by ticking one or more of the appropriate boxes.


(^1) These definitions are adapted from the 2015 Final Report on BEPS Action 13 and are an integral part of the international standard on CbCR.
(^2) These instructions are adapted from the 2015 Final Report on BEPS Action 13 and are an integral part of the international standard on CbCR.
(^3) These instructions are adapted from the 2015 Final Report on BEPS Action 13 and are an integral part of the international standard on CbCR.
(^4) These instructions are adapted from the 2015 Final Report on BEPS Action 13 and are an integral part of the international standard on CbCR.