# 8. Frequently Asked Questions

**Filing Requirement**

**1. An MNE’s consolidated group revenue for Financial Year (FY) 2016 exceeded the threshold of S$1, 125 million, but fell below this threshold in FY 2017. Is the MNE required to file CbC report for FY 2017?**

Yes, the MNE is required to file a CbC report for FY 2017 as the requirement to file is based on whether the MNE’s consolidated group revenue exceeded the threshold in the preceding FY (i.e. FY 2016).

**2. How should an MNE’s consolidated group revenue be determined for the purposes of applying the S$1,125 million threshold if the preceding FY of the MNE is shorter than 12 months?**

The MNE may determine the group revenue by adjusting the consolidated group revenue for the short accounting period to reflect the consolidated group revenue that would correspond to a 12 month period. For instance, if the accounting period is only 6 months, the revenue for the 6 months can be multiplied by 2 to reflect the revenue for a 12 month period. This calculated revenue will be used to determine if the MNE’s consolidated group revenue in the preceding FY exceeded the threshold.

**3. Following from Qn 1 above, is the MNE required to file CbC report for FY 2018?**

The MNE should not file a CbC report for FY 2018 as its consolidated group revenue for FY 2017 did not exceed the threshold

**4. For the purpose of the above threshold (whether an MNE is required to file CbC report), do I need to include the revenue of associated companies, joint ventures or partnerships as part of the consolidated group revenue?** 

The consolidated revenue of the MNE refers to the revenue figure disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. Revenue of associated companies and joint ventures accounted for under the equity method and partnerships that are not consolidated under applicable accounting rules will not form part of this figure.


**5. What is the definition of consolidated group revenue for the purpose of determining whether a Singapore MNE Group is required to file a CbC report?** 

In determining whether the consolidated group revenue of the MNE is at least S$1,125 million, all of the revenue that is reflected in the consolidated financial statement should be used. However, extraordinary income should be excluded as such income are not accrued under normal business circumstances.

For entities that do not reflect the gross amounts with respect to certain revenue items under applicable accounting rules (e.g. banks may reflect net interest revenue), the net amount of item(s) considered similar to revenue should be used to determine if the consolidated group revenue of the MNE is at least S$1,125 million.

**Completing the Template**

**6. Do I need to eliminate intra-country related party transactions for the purpose of completing Table 1?**

Intra-country related party transactions should not be eliminated when preparing Table 1.

As stated in section 4.3 above, the data for each tax jurisdiction should be presented as an aggregation (as opposed to a consolidation) of the requested information from all the constituent entities that are resident in that tax jurisdiction.

**7. What is the definition of ‘Main Business Activity(ies)’?**

This refers to the functions conducted by business entities to generate the main sources of revenue stated in Table 1. Usually, these business activities are described in the financial statements.

**8. How should business activities relating to shipping, hospitality or property development be reflected in Table 2?**

Companies should reflect such activities under the column 'Other' in Table 2 and provide specific details of the activities in Table 3.


**9. How should an MNE complete Table 2 if its main business activity was to provide services, and the same services were provided to both related and unrelated parties?**

The MNE should reflect its main business activity as ‘Provision of Services to Unrelated Parties’.

**10. What is the extent of details required for Table 3?**


It is for companies to decide how much information they want to provide in Table 3 to facilitate understanding of the data disclosed. Examples of
information to be included are a description of a constituent entity’s main business activity(ies) if it is indicated as ‘Other’ in Table 2 and an explanation of changes in the way of reporting from previous years if there is any.

**11. Can rounded figures be reported in the CbC report?**

Companies can report rounded figures in their CbC report if the source data from which those amounts have been obtained consist of rounded figures.
Companies should ensure that the rounding does not have a material impact in terms of understanding the CbC report. When rounding off to the nearest thousand, companies would still have to show the figures in full. For example, if the rounded figure is S$1,126,000, it should be entered in the CbC report as S$1,126,000 and not S$1,126.

**Clarification of Terms used in the Model CbCR Template**

*Constituent Entities*

**12a. Do associated companies or joint ventures fall within the definition of constituent entities?**

As associated companies and joint ventures do not fall within any of the above definitions stated in section 5.3 above, they are not considered constituent entities of an MNE group.

**12 b. If one of the constituent entities of an MNE Group (e.g. X Limited in Jurisdiction X) was deemed to have a permanent establishment in jurisdiction Y but did not prepare a separate set of financial statements for such a permanent establishment, would the ‘deemed permanent establishment’ be a constituent entity?** 

The ‘deemed permanent establishment’ would not be considered a separate constituent entity.

However, if the permanent establishment in Jurisdiction Y had prepared a separate set of financial statements, this ‘deemed permanent establishment’ would be treated as a separate constituent entity from X Limited.

**13. What is the treatment of ‘deemed permanent establishment’? How should they be reflected in a CbC report?**

If the deemed permanent establishment prepared a separate set of financial statements, it will be regarded as a separate constituent entity. In this case, financial information relating to the deemed permanent establishment should be reported under the tax jurisdiction where this deemed permanent establishment is situated. Following from the example in Question 12(b), the data relating to the deemed permanent establishment should be reported in Jurisdiction Y and not in Jurisdiction X.


However, if the deemed permanent establishment did not prepare a separate set of financial statements, it will be regarded as part of the constituent entity. In this case, data relating to the deemed permanent establishment should be reported in the tax jurisdiction of residence of the constituent entity (i.e. Jurisdiction X).

**Period covered by the annual template**

**14. How should a Reporting MNE reflect the financial information of its constituent entities, if the constituent entities have different financial year end (FYE) from the Reporting MNE?** 

For example, the FYE of Reporting MNE is 31 Dec, FYE of Subsidiary A is 30 Sep, FYE of Subsidiary B is 31 Mar, and FYE of Subsidiary C is 31 Dec. As stated in section 5.4 above, a Reporting MNE has the discretion to reflect, on a consistent basis, either one of the following:

1) Information for the FYE of constituent entities ending on the same date as the FYE of the Reporting MNE, or ending within the 12 month period preceding such date.

In the example given, if the CbC report is for Reporting MNE’s FYE 31 Dec 2017, the CbC report should include financial information of Subsidiary A for the FYE 30 Sep 2017, Subsidiary B for the FYE 31 Mar 2017 and Subsidiary C for the FYE 31 Dec 2017;

OR

2) Information for all constituent entities reported for the FYE of the Reporting MNE (i.e. include financial information of all constituent entities for the same period as the Reporting MNE).

In the example, if the CbC report relates to the period FY 1 Jan 2017 - 31 Dec 2017 for the Reporting MNE, the CbC report should include financial information of all constituent entities for that same period 1 Jan 2017 – 31 Dec 2017. This can be done through directly identifying the financial information of its subsidiaries for the period 1 Jan 2017 - 31 Dec 2017.

*Source of data*

**15 a. Does IRAS have any preference on the sources of data used to complete CbCR?**

As stated in section 5.4 above, sources of data may include data from the Group’s consolidated reporting packages, separate entity statutory financial statements, regulatory financial statements or internal management accounts.

**15 b. Given the differences in the accounting and tax treatment, basis of taxation and the tax periods, the ‘Revenues’ reported in Table 1 may not be the same as that in the consolidated financial statements. Is it necessary for MNEs to do a reconciliation?**
IRAS does not require MNEs to do any reconciliation.

**15 c. What exchange rate should be used to translate the statutory financial statements of constituent entities to the functional currency of the Reporting MNE?**

The average exchange rate for the reporting year should be used. The MNE should also state the rate that it used in Table 3.

*Revenues*

**16 a. Does the term ‘Revenues’ include other income, gains from sales of properties and notional items such as unrealised gains/ losses?**

As stated in section 5.5 above, ‘Profit (loss) before income tax’ should include all extraordinary income and expense items. Therefore, ‘Revenues’ should also include other income and all extraordinary income, for instance, gains from sales of properties and notional items such as unrealised gains/ losses. The only exception would be dividends received from constituent entities which is specifically excluded from the definition of ‘Revenues’.

**16 b. Should ‘Revenues’ be reported on a gross or net basis?**


Whether revenue is to be reported net or gross would depend on the industry practice. For example, the practice in the banking industry may be to include net (i.e. as opposed to gross) interest income as a revenue item in the accounts.

**16 c. Would divid ends from associated companies constitute ‘Revenues’?**

As stated in section 5.5 above, ‘Revenues’ excludes only dividends from other constituent entities. Hence, dividends from associated companies (not constituent entities) should be included in ‘Revenues’.

**16 d. Would ‘Revenues’ include revenues figures of associated companies or joint ventures?**
The term ‘Revenues’ refers to the aggregate sum of revenue figures of all constituent entities in the same jurisdiction. Since associated companies or joint ventures do not fall within the definition of constituent entities, revenues of associated companies or joint ventures should not be included.

**16 e. Should revenues received from an associated company or joint venture be reflected as related party or unrelated party revenues of constituent entities in Table 1?**

As associated companies and joint ventures are not considered constituent entities of an MNE group, they should be reflected as unrelated party revenues.

17. How should revenue transactions with a permanent establishment be accounted for? Are they considered Related or Unrelated Party Revenues?

They should be reflected as Related Party Revenues, if the permanent establishment is listed as a separate constituent entity.

*Profit (loss) before Income Tax*

**18 a. At the consolidated accounts level, profit (loss) before income tax would include the share of profit of associated companies. Should the same definition apply for CbC reporting since only the revenue of subsidiaries should be included in CbC reporting?**

The ‘Profit (loss) before income tax’ in the CbC template refers to an aggregate sum (i.e. not consolidated) of profit (loss) before income tax figures of all constituent entities in the same jurisdiction. Hence, the share of profit of associated companies would not come into the picture and thus should not be included.

**18 b. Should dividends be included in the ‘Profit (loss) before Income Tax’?**

As dividends from constituent entities are to be excluded from revenue, this should also be excluded from ‘profit (loss) before income tax'. On the other hand, dividends from associated companies and third parties are to be included since they are not constituent entities.

*Income Tax Paid (on Cash Basis)*

**19 a. For withholding tax borne by the payer of income, should the income recipient report it as ‘Income Tax Paid (on cash basis)’?**

No, as the recipient did not suffer the tax.

19 b. Would ‘Income Tax Paid (on Cash Basis)’ include tax paid for past years? E.g. If the taxes paid in FY 2018 include taxes of $3,000 for FY 2015 to FY 2017, should the company include the $3,000 in its CbC report for FY18?**

The Reporting MNE should report the total amount of income tax actually paid during the relevant fiscal year. As such, in the scenario described, the
company would have to report the $3,000 in FY 2018’s CbC report under ‘Income Tax Paid (on Cash Basis)’.

**19 c. Would other forms of taxes (e.g. the **‘Financial Tax’ and ‘Turnover Tax’ paid in Brazil, ‘Fringe Benefit Tax’ in India) be included as ‘Income Tax Paid (on Cash Basis)’?**

Income tax generally refers to corporate income tax paid on the company’s profit. This is usually the ‘Income Tax’ as captured in the financial statement and should not include taxes such as VAT or other business taxes.

**19d. Should the ‘Income Tax Paid (on Cash Basis)’ be reported as net of tax refund?**

Yes. The figure reported should be net of tax refunds received in the year.
Income Tax Accrued (Current Year)

**20. Should income tax provision be included under Income Tax Accrued(Current Year)?**

The reporting MNE should report the sum of the accrued current tax expense recorded on taxable profits or losses for the year of reporting of all the constituent entities. The current tax expense should reflect only operations in the current year and should not include deferred taxes or provisions for uncertain tax liabilities.


*Stated Capital*

**21 a. Would preference shares/ perpetual securities fall within the definition of ‘Stated Capital’?**

‘Stated Capital’ refers to capital as reflected in the financial statements. It would usually be the ordinary share capital but can also include preference share capital and perpetual securities.

**21 b. For branches (i.e. permanent establishments) **, the term ‘head office funds’ is normally used instead of ‘capital’ in the financial statements. How should the field ‘Stated Capital’ be completed for branches without regulatory capital?**

The amount of stated capital should be reported only by the constituent entity (and not by the permanent establishment) unless there is a defined capital requirement for the permanent establishment for regulatory purposes. Hence, there is no need to state the ‘Stated Capital’ for branches (or permanent establishments) unless there is a defined capital requirement for the permanent establishment for regulatory purposes.

**21 c. How should ‘Stated Capital’ be completed for MNEs with multi-tiered group structure?**

‘Stated Capital’ refers to the sum of the stated capital of all constituent entities resident for tax purposes in that jurisdiction. Hence, MNEs with multi-tiered group structures should first identify which of their lower-tiered entities are constituent entities. They should then sum up the stated capital of these constituent entities according to the tax jurisdictions in which they are situated, and report these figures accordingly in Table 1.

*Number of Employees*

**22 a. Does the term ‘Employees’ include main or sub-contractors, part-timers and contract staff and how should they be reported?**

The term ‘Employees’ would include part-timers and contract staff hired on a fairly long-term or permanent basis. The number of employees should be reported on a full-time equivalent (FTE) basis. It is important to apply this definition consistently among entities in a Group and from year to year.

The term ‘Employees’ could also include main contractors or sub-contractors provided they are independent and engaged to perform important functions in the MNEs' value chain. For example, the FTE of persons engaged to operate an outsourced call centre should be included but not the FTE of persons engaged to do office cleaning, unless the MNE is in the cleaning industry.

**22 b. Would executive or non-executive directors be regarded as employees?**

Non-executive directors would not qualify as employees since non-executive directors do not participate actively in the running of the business operations. Executive directors on the other hand would qualify as employees.

**22 c. Would a consultant/ freelancer be regarded as an employee?**

Consultants/ freelancers are normally engaged on a short-term basis. Hence, they should not be considered employees. However, consultants may be regarded as employees if they are engaged on a fairly long-term or permanent basis.

**22 d. Should the number of employees be based on the payroll and is there any cut-off date to report the number of employees?**

Companies are free to choose their source of employee data as long as they use the same sources of data from year to year. Similarly, they are free to choose the cut-off date that best reflects their position for that reporting year. This is provided they use the same cut-off date from year to year.

*Tangible Assets other than Cash and Cash Equivalents*

**23. Would ‘Tangible Assets’ include trade receivables, properties,inventories and investments?**

The term ‘Tangible Assets’ refers to physical hard assets. Therefore, ‘Tangible Assets’ include inventories, property, plant & equipment but exclude trade receivables (i.e. treated as financial assets under FRS 32) and investments (i.e. can be treated as financial assets under FRS 32 or cash and cash equivalents under IAS/ FRS 7 for short-term investments).

*Others*

**24. What will the information provided on a CbC report be used for?**

The OECD Report sets out three permitted uses for information contained in CbC reports, namely:
* to assess high level transfer pricing risk;
* to assess other BEPS-related risks; and
* for economics and statistical analysis.

IRAS will use the information contained in CbC reports in accordance with these permitted uses.

**25. How would IRAS ensure that jurisdictions that it exchanges CbC reports with use the reports in an appropriate manner and have put in place sufficient protections to safeguard the confidentially of the CbCR data?**

IRAS will enter into agreement with jurisdictions for exchange of CbC reports only after establishing that the jurisdictions have a strong rule of law and are able to ensure confidentiality of the information exchanged and prevent its unauthorised use. IRAS would suspend/cease the exchange of information with any jurisdiction which we know to have misused the information or which is in breach of this confidentiality obligation.

**26. Would penalties be imposed for non-filing, late filing or incorrect filing of CbC report?**

enalties may be imposed under the Income Tax Act but IRAS may consider mitigating factors.


**27. Does Singapore provide surrogate filing for non-Singapore headquartered MNE groups?**

No, Singapore does not see a need to provide for surrogate filing for foreign MNE groups. Only Singapore MNE groups are required to submit CbC reports to IRAS.

**28. Will Singapore impose secondary mechanisms on non-Singapore headquartered MNE groups?**

Singapore intends to follow the OECD guidelines and to provide for secondary mechanism on Singapore subsidiaries of foreign MNEs in our CbCR legislation. As CbCR is still new and jurisdictions are in the early stages of implementing CbCR, we will monitor developments and assess if there is a need to trigger secondary mechanism.

Nevertheless, Singapore expects MNEs to be co-operative in providing CbC Reports to their home jurisdictions, and the reports could then be exchanged under CbCR AEOI agreements between their home jurisdiction and Singapore.

We will continue to monitor the situation.
