# 10. Record-Keeping

10.1 Under section 46 of the GST Act, GST-registered persons are required to keep their business records for 5 years from the end of the prescribed accounting period.

10.2 In the case of a TOGC, both the transferor and transferee must maintain proper records on the transferred assets. Records to be kept should include information on the assets’ description and value. Both parties must also be able to reconcile the difference (if any) in the value of the transferred assets immediately before and after the transfer.

10.3 In addition, the transferor is required to hand over to the transferee any records of the transferred business that are required to be kept for GST purposes. The transferee takes over the obligation to keep and preserve business records on the date of transfer of business.


10.4 If the transferor wishes to retain records of the transferred business, he is required to seek approval from the Comptroller under section 34(b) of the GST Act. Generally, the Comptroller is prepared to waive the transferee’s requirement to maintain records and allow the transferor to maintain the records instead if:

> (a) It involves a partial transfer of business. The transferor needs the
records to fulfil other regulatory requirements, such as filing income tax
returns;

> (b) It involves a partial transfer of business. The transferor has difficulties segregating the records, as the records relate to both the transferred
business and the transferor’s remaining business; or

> (c) The transferor is involved in a legal suit and records are required to be
admitted as evidence in court.

10.5 The transferor is required to write to the Comptroller to seek approval. The
written request must contain a brief description of the transfer and the
reason(s) for wanting to maintain the records. In addition, both the transferor
and transferee must jointly undertake[^13] to do the following:

> (i) Upon request by the Comptroller, the transferee will obtain any
information and make available any business and accounting records
from the transferor that relate to the transferred business;

> (ii) The transferor will make available to the transferee all records or
information that relate to the transferred business, so as to enable the
transferee to comply with subparagraph (i) above;

> (iii) The transferor will preserve all relevant business records and adhere
to any other statutory duties provided under Section 46 of the GST Act;
and

> (iv) The transferor will notify the Comptroller of its intention to cease its
remaining businesses, within 30 days from the date such an intention
is formed, and hand over to the transferee all records in its possession
that relate to the transferred business.

10.6 The transferor must provide a copy of the joint undertaking each to the
Comptroller upon his request and the transferee for retention.

[^13]: The principal officers of transferor and transferee are required to sign the joint undertaking.
