# 12. Other Excluded Transactions: Transfer of Qualifying Income Tax Deductions

## Background on section 37C of the Income Tax Act

12.1 For income tax purposes, with effect from the year of assessment (“YA”) 2003, a company (“transferor company”) belonging to a group may transfer any “qualifying deductions” to another company (“claimant company”) of the same group. “Qualifying deductions” under section 37C(14) of the Income Tax Act (“ITA”) refers to the current year unabsorbed capital allowances, current year unabsorbed trade losses and current year unabsorbed donations that may be transferred to be deducted against the assessable income of the claimant
company under the income tax group relief system (“group relief system”) [^14].

## General GST treatment of transfer of qualifying deduction

12.2 The “qualifying deductions” are assets of the transferor company. These
assets have a value as the “qualifying deductions” may be carried forward and
used to be deducted against future profits of the company for income tax
purposes. With the implementation of the group relief system, the “qualifying
deductions” would still be of value when they are transferred out to another
company in the same group for a consideration, to be used by the claimant
company as a deduction against its own taxable profits.

12.3 Thus, the transfer of “qualifying deductions” is no different from the transfer of
any other business asset for a consideration. In other words, the transfer of
“qualifying deductions” in return for consideration would constitute a taxable
supply of services under section 10(2)(b) of the GST Act[^15].

[^14]: Please refer to the e-Tax guide on “Group Relief System”, which is available from
[http://www.iras.gov.sg](http://www.iras.gov.sg) > Quick Links > e-Tax Guides > GST, for more information.

[^15]: Section 10(2)(b) of the GST Act provides that anything which is not a supply of goods but is done for a
consideration (including, if so done, the granting, assignment or surrender of any right) is a supply of
services.


## “Qualifying Deductions” to be treated as excluded transactions

12.4 In order not to negate the original intended benefits of the group relief system,
which is to encourage risk taking and enterprise, the transfer of “qualifying
deductions” under the group relief system has been classified as an excluded
transaction. This treatment will apply to transfers of “qualifying deductions”
made from the effective date of the group relief system.

12.5 Where the claimant company supplies services to the transferor company in
return for the transfer of “qualifying deductions”, the transferor company need
not account for GST on the transfer. Although the transferor company receives
consideration from the claimant company in the form of the services supplied
by the latter, as the transfer qualifies as an excluded transaction, no GST is
chargeable. However, the claimant company (if it is GST registered) would
have to account for GST on its supply of services as it has received non-
monetary consideration in the form of the “qualifying deductions”.

## Input tax claim in respect of transfer of “qualifying deductions”

12.6 Where the claimant company is a GST-registered person and incurs input tax
for the purpose of acquiring the “qualifying deductions”[^16] , it will not be able to
claim the input tax. This is because the “qualifying deductions” are not used
to make taxable supplies subsequently.

[^16]: For example, input tax incurred in respect of consultancy or accounting services for the purposes of
acquiring the “qualifying deductions”.
