# 14. Frequently Asked Questions

**14.1 Can I collect GST on an excluded transaction?**

An excluded transaction is neither a supply of goods nor a supply of services. Hence, it is not subject to GST. If your transaction qualifies as an excluded transaction, you cannot collect GST on the transaction.



**14.2 Do I need to issue a tax invoice for an excluded transaction?**

You need not issue a tax invoice for an excluded transaction. Instead, you
may issue other forms of billing documents (e.g. commercial invoice).
However, if you choose to issue a tax invoice for your excluded transaction,
you need to indicate that the transaction is neither a supply of goods nor
services for GST purposes.

**14.3 Do I need to report the value of my assets transferred under TOGC in my GST return?**

For assets transferred under TOGC, you are not required to report the value
in your GST return as the transfer is neither a supply of goods nor services.

**14.4 I am not GST-registered. When I acquire a business from a GST-registered person, do I have to register for GST as a result of the acquisition?**

If a business was transferred to you, you have to include the taxable turnover
of the transferor to determine your liability to register for GST.

For transfers of business taking place before 1 Jan 2019, you are liable to
register if the total of your taxable turnover and your transferor’s taxable
turnover for the quarter of transfer and the past 3 quarters exceeds $1 million.

For transfers of business taking place on or after 1 Jan 2019, you are liable to
register if the total of your taxable turnover and your transferor’s taxable
turnover is more than $1 million at the end of the previous calendar year.

If you are liable for registration, your date of GST registration will be from the
date of transfer. However, if you are certain[^18] that your taxable turnover for
the next 12 months will not exceed $1 million, you will not be liable for GST
registration.

[^18]: Please refer to the e-Tax Guide on “GST: Do I Need to Register?”, which is available from
[https://www.iras.gov.sg/](https://www.iras.gov.sg/) > Quick Links > e-Tax Guides > GST, for more information.
