# 4. Supply of Assets under a Transfer of Business

4.1 A supply of assets made under an agreement for the transfer of business is
treated as an excluded transaction if it satisfies all the conditions listed below [^4]:

> **(a) The supply of assets is made in relation to a transfer of the
business (or part of that business) to the transferee.**

> A mere transfer of the assets will not qualify as a transfer of business.
The transfer must have the effect of putting the transferee in
possession of a business[^5]. In general, a person is in possession of a
“business” if he carries on continuous activities that are mainly
concerned with making supplies to his customers for a consideration.

> <ins>Example:</ins> The transferee is generally in possession of a business when
he takes over the business assets and liabilities such as goodwill,
premises, fixture & fittings, staff, on-going contracts (e.g. tenancy,
maintenance) and outstanding debts and taxes.

>This condition can still be satisfied even if the transfer of assets to him
occurs in phases or on different dates. This is provided that there are
valid and genuine commercial reasons for doing so [^6].

> <ins>Example:</ins> The transferee is unable to obtain regulatory clearance on
the transfer of product registration license on time to operate the
transferred business on the transfer date. Both parties signed an
agency agreement with the following terms:

> - the transferor is to operate the business as an agent, on behalf
of the transferee before the transfer of license is effected;

> - the transferor is to cease operating the business immediately
after the license is successfully transferred to the transferee;

> - the transferor is to keep separate records of the transferred
business on behalf of the transferee until the license is
transferred.

[^4]: Paragraph 2 of the GST (Excluded Transactions) Order

[^5]: More details on the term “business” can be found in the e-Tax Guide “GST: Guide on Non-Business
Receipts – Business Tests and the Effect of Non-Business Receipts on Input Tax Claims”, which is available
on [http://www.iras.gov.sg](http://www.iras.gov.sg) > Quick Links > e-Tax Guides > GST.

[^6]: The Comptroller will assess each case based on the validity of the commercial reason(s) and strength
of all material facts furnished.

> ** (b) The assets to be transferred must be intended for use by the
transferee in carrying on the same kind of business as the
transferor.**

> The transferor is required to verify the transferee’s intention with regard
to the use of the transferred assets. The transferee’s intention may be indicated in documents such as the business contract or sale and purchase agreement. If such documents are not available, the
transferor may request for a written confirmation from the transferee. Where the transferee intends to use the assets to carry out a different kind of business, the transferor must charge GST on the supply of assets.

> The Comptroller does not impose a minimum timeframe in which the transferee must continue to operate the transferred business in order to satisfy this condition. This is because the Comptroller understands that this timeframe can vary, depending on the type of business carried on and various economic factors.

> The transferee also need not be engaged in the same kind of business as the transferor prior to the transfer.

> <ins>Example:</ins> An electronics company diversifies its business by acquiring a restaurant chain.

> **(c) In the case where only part of the business is transferred, that part
must be capable of being operated independently.**

> It is irrelevant whether the transferee operates the part business together with or separately from his other businesses.

> **(d) The business (or part of that business) must be a going concern
at the time of the transfer. **

> There must not be any closure of the business immediately after the
transfer, except for temporary closure necessary to prepare the
business for operation under the new ownership.

> The business or part business can be a going concern even if it is
unprofitable or trading under the control of a judicial manager or
receiver.

> <ins>Example:</ins> A company acquires and revives a dying or mismanaged
business.

> **(e) The transferee must already be a taxable person or immediately
becomes a taxable person as a result of the transfer.**

> The transferee must be GST registered at the time of transfer or where
he is not, he immediately becomes a taxable person as a result of the
transfer. The transferee is liable to be GST-registered if the value of
his taxable supplies exceeds or is reasonably expected to exceed $
million immediately after the transfer. In such an instance, the GST
registration of the transferee shall be backdated to the date of the
transfer.

4.2 Where the transferee belongs to a group of companies that is registered for
GST as a group under section 30 of the GST Act[^7] , at least one of the following
conditions must also be satisfied before the transfer of business can qualify
as an excluded transaction[^8] :

> (a) The members of the group are entitled to input tax credit in full on
supplies made to them and importations made by them. When
determining the entitlement to input tax credits, the members
should also take into account the adjustments mentioned in our
e- Tax Guide, “GST: Partially Exempt Traders and Input Tax
Recovery;

> (b) The assets to be transferred are held by the transferor for more
than 3 years; or

>(c) The transferor is not entitled to any input tax credit on the assets
to be transferred.

4.3 When the supply of assets satisfies the conditions in paragraphs 4 .1 and 4 .2,
the transferor may treat the supply as an excluded transaction without the
need to seek approval from the Comptroller. The transferor will not need to
charge and account for GST on the excluded transactions.

4.4 When the supply of assets fails to qualify as an excluded transaction but is
made between members of the same GST group registration (i.e. both
transferor and transferee are part of the same GST group), the supply shall
still be disregarded under section 30 of the GST Act[^9]. In other words,
transferor will not need to charge and account for GST on the supply.
