# 5. Examples of Excluded Transactions

## Transfer of a property rental business

5.1 Company A is a GST-registered business that owns several non-residential
properties. A derives rental income from leasing out these properties.
Company B is also a GST-registered business and is not a member of any
GST group under section 30 of the GST Act.

5.2 A enters into an agreement with B to sell one of its non-residential properties,
a commercial building. The terms of the sale and purchase agreement include
the following:

> (a) the sale of the building includes existing plant, equipment, fixtures and
fittings owned by A;

[^7]: Please refer to the e-Tax guide on “GST: General Guide on Group Registration”, which is available on
[http://www.iras.gov.sg](http://www.iras.gov.sg) > Quick Links > e-Tax Guides > GST, for more information.

[^8]: Paragraph 3 of the GST (Excluded Transactions) Order

[^9]:  Members under the same GST group registration are treated as a single entity and supplies made between the members are disregarded.


> (b) B undertakes to continue the property leasing business after the
transfer;

> (c) All the units in the property will be transferred to B;

> (d) the existing occupation agreement (tenancy and license) including
rental, fee and security deposits collected will be transferred to B. B
will discharge and fulfill all obligations of A under the original tenancy
and license agreements;

> (e) the building maintenance contracts will either be assigned or novated
to B. B will take over the deposits (cash and guarantee) and refund the
deposits to service providers in accordance to contractual terms;

> (f) the sale includes works-in-progress such as upgrading of lifts. B will
take over the contractual obligations and be responsible for making
payment or refunding deposits to the relevant service providers; and

> (g) B is liable to pay property tax on the property transferred.

5.3 By taking over the entire building together with the existing tenancy and
licensing agreements, security deposits, building maintenance and works
contracts, B is in possession of the property leasing business. As B derives
rental income from existing tenancy and licensing agreements after the
transfer, B is carrying on the same kind of business as A. Since B is also able
to satisfy all other qualifying conditions (e.g. B is GST-registered on the date
of transfer), the transfer of property rental business from A to B qualifies as an
excluded transaction.

5.4 Where the transaction qualifies as an excluded transaction and B is a public-
listed Real Estate Investment Trust (S-REIT) or the Special Purpose Vehicle
(SPV) of a S-REIT, self-accounting of GST for the property purchase will not
apply since no GST is chargeable.


## Transfer of business operations without transfer of premises

5.5 Company C’s principal activities are those relating to manufacturing. As part
of business restructuring, C intends to transfer its manufacturing operations to
related Company D. C retains the ownership of the manufacturing plant and
will only derive rental income from the lease of the plant. D will take over all
licenses, intellectual properties, customer contracts, supplier contracts,
employees and plant and equipment related to the manufacturing operations.

5.6 The fact that the business premises are not transferred does not affect D from
taking over the business in its entirety. It is not necessary for D to own the
manufacturing plant to operate a manufacturing business. As such, the
transfer of the manufacturing operations can qualify as an excluded
transaction.

## Transfer of assets to a new legal entity

5.7 A transfer of business can arise from a pure change of legal constitution of the
entity. Law firm E is a GST registered partnership business. E’s existing
partners decided to convert the partnership business into a limited liability
partnership (LLP). On the transfer date, the LLP becomes GST registered,
takes over E’s assets and liabilities and continues to operate the same
business.

5.8 The above transfer qualifies as an excluded transaction as all the business’
assets, operations and processes are passed over and continued in the same
manner by a new GST-registered entity.

## Amalgamation

5.9 Company F and its related Company G intend to enter into a voluntary
amalgamation. Under the amalgamation, F and G would be combined into a
single legal entity where F would be the surviving entity and the business of
G would be subsumed under F.

5.10 Notwithstanding that there is no actual sale of business from G to F, the effect
of the amalgamation is that the entire business of G would be transferred as
a going concern to F. All assets and liabilities are transferred to F and F would
carry on G’s business in addition to its existing business.

## Transfer of assets over time

5.11 Company H plans to transfer its business to a related company, Company J.
The assets of its business are deemed transferred to J as of the business
transfer date. However, a few of its customer contracts can only be transferred
to J at a later date due to delay in obtaining the customers’ consent to novate
the contracts. In addition, due to operational reasons, the transfer of
employees would take place at a later date.

5.12 Nonetheless, the transfer of the contracts and assets are provided for under
one agreement and the intention is for J to take over the business from H with
effect from the business transfer date. The transfer can still qualify as an
excluded transaction.
