# 9. Repayment of Input Tax Deemed Deducted for TOGC

## What is this section about?

9.1 In a TOGC, the transferee is deemed to have incurred and deducted input tax
credits on the value of supply of the transferred assets. This section explains
the circumstances where the transferee is required to repay to the Comptroller
such input tax deemed deducted.

9.2 For the purpose of this section, the following terms are used.

|||
| - | - |
| Date of Transfer   | Date of transfer of assets under TOGC |
| The Change         | Refers to the situation where the transferee changes or forms an intention to change the usage of the transferred assets                               |
| Date of Change     | Refers to the date where transferee changes or forms an intention to change the usage of the transferred assets                                        |
| The 2nd Change     | Refers to the situation where the transferee subsequently changes or forms an intention to change the usage of the transferred assets after The Change |
| Date of 2nd Change | Refers to the subsequent date where transferee changes or forms an intention to change the usage of the transferred assets after the Date of Change    |

## When is repayment required?

9.3 Generally, the Comptroller will require repayment of input tax deemed
deducted on the assets transferred when[^12] :

>(a) There is a distinct change in the activities of the acquired business by
the transferee;

>(b) The change in the business activities resulted in a **change in usage of the acquired assets** in any one of the four circumstances below:

[^12]: Regulation 38 of GST (General) Regulations

| No. | Assets transferred are used in carrying on the same kind of business as that carried on by the transferor in making | & | during a period of 5 years after date of transfer of assets, transferee uses or forms an intention to use the assets in making |
| - | - | - | - |
| 1 | Taxable supplies | to | Exempt supplies |
| 2 | Taxable supplies | to | Both taxable and exempt supplies |
| 3 | Both taxable and exempt supplies | to | Exempt supplies |
| 4 | Both taxable and exempt supplies | to | Both taxable and exempt supplies,but the proportion of taxable supplies to exempt supplies reduces |

> (c) This change occurs within **5 years** after the Date of Transfer.

## What is the amount of input tax deemed deducted?

9.4 The input tax deemed deducted is the input tax that would have been incurred had the transfer of assets not qualified as an excluded transaction.

```
Input tax deemed deducted 
= GST rate at the Date of Transfer 
x Value of assets transferred as at date of transfer
```

## What is the amount to be repaid?

9.5 The amount of input tax to be repaid to the Comptroller should be derived
using the formula below:

```
Input tax to be repaid
= Input tax deemed deducted
x Change in ratio of taxable supplies to total supplies
x Remaining number of accounting periods
รท Total number of accounting periods in 5 years
```
<table >
<tbody>
<tr>
<th>Component</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<p>Change in ratio of taxable supplies to total supplies</p>
</td>
<td>
<p><ins>For 1st adjustment</ins></p>
<p style="border: 1px solid black;">1 - Ratio of taxable supplies to total supplies in the accounting period in which The Change occurs</p>
<p><ins>For subsequent adjustment</ins></p>
<p style="border: 1px solid black;">Ratio of taxable supplies to the total supplies in the accounting period in which The Change occurs - Ratio of taxable supplies to total supplies in the account period in which The 2<sup>nd</sup> Change occurs&nbsp;</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>&nbsp;
<p>Remaining number of accounting periods</p>
</td>
<td>
<p><ins>For 1st adjustment</ins></p>
<p>Total number of accounting periods in 5 years less number of accounting periods from the Date of Transfer to the Date of Change (Inclusive of both dates).</p>
<p><ins>For subsequent adjustment</ins></p>
<p>Total number of accounting periods in 5 years less number of accounting periods from the Date of Transfer to the Date of 2nd Change (Inclusive of both dates).</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## How should repayment be made?

9.6 The transferee should repay the input tax in the accounting period in which the change in use of the asset occurs or when the intention is formed. The amount to be repaid should be deducted from Box 7 (Input tax and refund claims) of the GST return.

9.7 An example of repayment of input tax deemed deducted is provided in Appendix 1.

## When is repayment NOT required?

9.8 Repayment of input tax is not required when the reduction in the proportion of taxable supplies to exempt supplies is due to normal fluctuation of business transactions.

9.9 However, where such reduction in the proportion of taxable supplies to exempt supplies is not due to normal fluctuation of business, repayment of input tax will be required as explained in paragraph 9. 3 above.
