# 13. Updates and amendments

<style type="text/css">
.tg  {border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0;}
.tg td{font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;padding:10px 5px;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;overflow:hidden;word-break:normal;border-color:black;}
.tg th{font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;font-weight:normal;padding:10px 5px;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;overflow:hidden;word-break:normal;border-color:black;}
.tg .tg-0pky{border-color:inherit;text-align:left;vertical-align:top}
.tg .tg-fymr{font-weight:bold;border-color:inherit;text-align:left;vertical-align:top}
</style>
<table class="tg">
  <tr>
    <th class="tg-0pky"></th>
    <th class="tg-fymr">Date of<br>amendment</th>
    <th class="tg-fymr">Amendments made</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">1</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">09 Jul 2012</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Paragraph 6.7 is inserted to clarify the exchange rate that a company should use to compute the cap of $100,000 for the qualifying deductions if its functional currency is non S$.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">2</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">26 May 2014</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Paragraph 7.9 amended to incorporate the Budget 2014 tax changes in relation to the removal of spousal transfer scheme.,The subsequent paragraphs were renumbered.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">3</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">2 Apr 2018</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">The main amendments include:<br>a) Deletion of paragraph 1.3 and amendment of paragraph 4.2 due to the expiry of the Enhanced Carry-Back Relief System.<br>b) Deletion of paragraphs 7.6 to 7.8 and amendment of paragraph 7.9 to update the Spousal Transfer<br>Scheme.<br>c) Revisions to paragraphs 9.3-9.9 on the administrative requirements in making the election. The revisions to administrative requirements for companies take effect from YA 2010.<br>d) Removal of the time limit of 7 years for YA 2007 and before in paragraph 11.<br>e) Updating of examples and the Annexes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky">4</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">9 Apr 2019</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky">Paragraph 9.3 amended to incorporate changes to the administrative requirements in making the election.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
