# 3 Glossary

## 3.1 Assessable income

Assessable income of a company refers to its income from all sources after deducting CA, trade losses, approved donations (including those transferred from related companies under the group relief system) and other relevant deductions like incremental research and development expenses or investment allowances.

Assessable income of an individual refers to the individual’s income from all sources after deducting CA, losses, and approved donations (including those transferred from spouse).

## 3.2 Immediate Preceding YA

The immediate preceding YA refers to the YA immediately before the YA in which the person has trade losses or capital allowances available for carry back. For example, if the person incurred trade losses in year 2017 or is given capital allowances for YA 2018, the immediate preceding YA would be YA 201 7.

## 3.3 Loss items

For group relief purposes, loss items refer to the unabsorbed CA, trade losses and donations for the current year that can be transferred by a company (“transferor company”) to another company of the group (“claimant company”).

## 3.4 Person

Under section 2 of the ITA, a person includes a company, body of persons and a Hindu Joint Family.

## 3.5 Qualifying deductions (QD)

For carry-back relief purposes, QD are the unabsorbed CA and unabsorbed trade losses for the current year.

## 3.6 Relevant deductions

A limited partner’s share of CA and trade losses from a limited liability partnership (“LLP”) or limited partnership (“LP”) allowed against the partner’s income from other sources.

## 3.7 Same business test

This test determines if a person continues to carry on the same trade,
business, profession or vocation for which capital allowances are
granted when carrying forward or back the unabsorbed capital
allowances. The test is satisfied if the same trade, business, profession
or vocation is continued.

## 3.8 Shareholding test

This test computes the percentage of the shareholdings of a company (or its ultimate parent company) that is held by the same persons as at the relevant dates. If the percentage is 50% or more, there is no substantial change in the shareholders and the company is said to have satisfied the shareholding test.

Relevant dates for unabsorbed CA:
<br/> First day of the YA in which the capital allowances were granted and the
last day of the immediate preceding YA in which the capital allowances
are to be deducted.

Relevant dates for unabsorbed trade losses:
<br/>First day of the year in which the trade losses were incurred and last day
of the immediate preceding YA in which the trade losses are to be
deducted.

## 3.9 Unabsorbed capital allowances (CA)

The capital allowances claimed by a person (under section 16, 17, 18B,
18C, 19, 19A, 19B, 19C, 19D or 20 of the ITA) for a YA that exceed the
person’s aggregate taxable income for that YA.

## 3.10 Unabsorbed trade losses

The trade losses incurred by a person for a YA that exceed the person’s
income from all sources for that YA.

## 3.11 Unabsorbed donations

The approved donations made by a person in a YA that exceeds its
statutory income for that YA. Approved donations are donations
qualifying for tax deduction and made to recipients under sections 37(3)
(b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) of the ITA.
